React hooks axios post (#746)
Ada-Developers-Academy/textbook-curriculum: React/apis-get.md

## Learning Goals

- Introduce `axios` as our API library

> - Integrate a get API request in react lifecycle method `useEffect`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Integrate a get API request into the react lifecycle using the `useEffect` method
```

```json
"scripts": {
    "start": "react-scripts start",
    "server": "json-server --watch src/data/students.json",
    "build": "react-scripts build",
    "test": "react-scripts test",
    "eject": "react-scripts eject"
  },
```

> Check out the `server` line.  This adds a command to start the json-server package on the port 3000.  The command is: `npm run server`.  You can open the api in the browser with [http://localhost:3000/students](http://localhost:3000/students).  You can do all the RESTful routes for a students resource, listing showing, creating etc.  All these operations will update the students.json file.  So `students.json` will serve as an imitation API for us to learn with.

Reviewer: Maybe add a comment about how this should be familiar from ada-pets-node?
